what are cats: cats be ?
what can you see: Leolani see ?: can
what day is your birthday: leolani birthday ?
what do I like: lenka like ?
what do you enjoy: Leolani enjoy ?
what do you hate: leolani hate ?
what do you have: Leolani have ?
what do you like: leolani like ?
what do you own: Leolani own ?
what is a cat: cat be ?
what is my favorite TV show: lenka favorite-tv-show ?
what is my favorite food: Lenka favorite-food ?
what is your biggest fear: leolani biggest-fear ?
what is your brother's name: leolani-brother name ?
what is my brother's name: lenka-brother name ?
what is your dog's name: leolani-dog name ?
what is your favorite color: Leolani-favorite-color be ?
when are you coming: Leolani come ?
when are you going to Mexico: leolani go-to mexico
when did Selene come: Selene come ?
when did you go to school: leolani go-to-school ?
when is your birthday: Leolani birthday ?
when is your father's birthday: leolani-father birthday ?
where are you going: leolani go ?
where can I go: lenka go ?: can
where did Bram come from: Bram come-from ?
where did you go yesterday: leolani go ? : yesterday
where is my friend: lenka-friend be ?
where is selene from: Selene be-from ?
where is your best friend: leolani-best-friend be ?
where is your friend: leolani-friend be ?
where is your office: leolani-office be ?
where was Selene born: selene born ?
where were you born: leolani born ?
which is your favorite color: leolani favorite-color ?
who are your colleagues: leolani colleagues ?
who can sing: ? sing ? : can
who do I know: Lenka know ?
who do you know: Leolani know ?
who do I like: Lenka like ?
who do you like: Leolani like ?
who does selene like: selene like ?
who does Selene know: selene know ?
who has a cat: ? has cat
who hates cleaning: ? hate cleaning
who have you seen: Leolani see ?
who is from Mexico: ? be-from Mexico
who is your best friend: Leolani-best-friend be ?
who likes me: ? like Lenka
who likes you: ? like Leolani
who likes singing: ? like singing
who likes talking to people: ? like talking-to-people
who likes watching movies: ? like watching-movies
who lives in Amsterdam: ? live-in Amsterdam
who lives in New York: ? live-in new-york
who owns a cat: ? own cat
who will come to school: ? come-to school: will
who works at the university: ? work-at the-university
